docs: reference architecture updates (#280)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-powervs-sap: reference-architectures/sap-ready-to-go/deploy-arch-ibm-pvs-sap-ready-to-go.md

|* Deploy PowerVS instance for hosting shared SAP system files  \n * Prepare operating system | PowerVS instance | Host shared SAP system files on one of PowerVS instances for SAP NetWeaver and do not deploy a separate PowerVS instance | * Allow customer to deploy PowerVS instance with specified CPU and memory  \n * Attach specified storage filesystems  \n * Attach networks for management, backup and for SAP system internal communication  \n * Connect instance with infrastructure management services like DNS, NTP, NFS  \n * Perform OS configuration  \n * Allow customer to specify additional parameters, like non-standard file system sizes |
{: caption="Table 2. PowerVS workspace architecture decisions" caption-side="bottom"}

### Key and password management architecture decisions
{: #full-key-pw}

| Requirement | Component | Choice | Alternative choice |
|-------------|-----------|--------------------|--------------------|

> |* Use public/private SSH key to access virtual server instances by using SSH  \n * Use SSH proxy to log in to all virtual server instances by using the bastion host  \n * Do not store private ssh key on any virtual instances, also not on the bastion host  \n * Do not allow any other SSH login methods except the one with specified private/public SSH key pair|Public SSH key - provided by customer. Private SSH key - provided by customer.|Ask customer to specify the keys. Accept the input as secure parameter or as reference to the key stored in IBM Cloud Secure Storage Manager. Do not print SSH keys in any log files. Do not persist private SSH key.|                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|* Use public/private SSH key to access virtual server instances by using SSH  \n * Use SSH proxy to log in to all virtual server instances by using the bastion host  \n * Do not store private SSH keys on any virtual instances or on the bastion host  \n * Do not allow any other SSH login methods except the one with specified private and public SSH key pairs|Public SSH key - provided by customer. Private SSH key - provided by customer.|Ask customer to specify the keys. Accept the input as secure parameter or as reference to the key stored in IBM Cloud Secure Storage Manager. Do not print SSH keys in any log files. Do not persist private SSH key.|                    |
```

Reviewer: @Beilmann I just noticed the reference to `IBM Cloud Secure Storage Manager`. I can't find that name anywhere in IBM Cloud. Is that a cloud service or a generic name for storing your key securely. 

If it's the 2nd, would this work?
> Accept the input by secure parameter or by reference to the key stored in an IBM Cloud key management system.

{: caption="Table 3. Key and passwords management architecture decisions" caption-side="bottom"}

## Compliance
{: #compliance}

> This reference architecture is certified for SAP deployments.

Reviewer: Is the reference architecture or the deployable architecture certified?

## Next steps
{: #next-steps}

> As next step, you may perform SAP system installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the SAP system.

```
